R4R: DOCS: Improve SDK Intro (#3149)
cosmos/cosmos-sdk: docs/intro/sdk-app-architecture.md

                v  +-------------------------------+  v
```

Tendermint is an application-agnostic engine that is responsible for handling the *networking* and *consensus* layers of your blockchain. In practice, this means that Tendermint is reponsible for propagating and ordering transaction bytes. Tendermint Core relies on an eponymous Byzantine-Fault-Tolerant (BFT) algorithm to reach consensus on the order of transactions. For more on Tendermint, click [here](https://tendermint.com/docs/introduction/introduction.html).

Tendermint consensus algorithm works with a set of special nodes called *Validators*. Validators are responsible for adding blocks of transactions to the blockchain. At any given block, there is a validator set V. A validator in V is chosen by the algorithm to be the proposer of the next block. This block is considered valid if more than two thirds of V signed it twice, and if all the transactions that it contains are valid. The validator set can be changed by rules written in the state-machine. For a deeper look at the algorithm, click [here](https://tendermint.com/docs/introduction/what-is-tendermint.html#consensus-overview).

> The main part of a Cosmos SDK application is a blockchain daemon that is run by each node in the network locally. If less than two thirds of the *validator set* is byzantine (i.e. malicious), then each node should obtain the same result when querying the state at the same time. 

Author: yes, my bad

+---------------------+
```

>  Note that Tendermint only handles transaction bytes. It has no knowledge of what these bytes realy mean. All Tendermint does is to order them deterministically. It is the job of the application to give meaning to these bytes. Tendermint passes the bytes to the application via the ABCI, and expects a return code to inform it if the message was succesful or not. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Note that Tendermint only handles transaction bytes. It has no knowledge of what these bytes mean. All Tendermint does is to order them deterministically. It is the job of the application to give meaning to these bytes. Tendermint passes the bytes to the application via the ABCI, and expects a return code to inform it if the message was successful or not. 
```

Here are the most important messages of the ABCI:

- `CheckTx`: When a transaction is received by Tendermint Core, it is passed to the application to check its validity via `CheckTx`. If it is, the transaction is added to the [mempool](https://tendermint.com/docs/spec/reactors/mempool/functionality.html#mempool-functionality) and relayed to peer nodes. Note that transactions are not processed (i.e. no modification of the state occurs) with `CheckTx` since they have not been included in a block yet. 
- `DeliverTx`: When a [valid block](https://tendermint.com/docs/spec/blockchain/blockchain.html#validation) is received by the Tendermint engine a blockchain node, each transaction in it is passed to the application via `DeliverTx` to be processed. 

> - `BeginBlock`/`EndBlock`: These messages are executed at the beginning and the end of each block, wether the block contains transaction or not. It is useful to trigger automatic execution of logic. Proceed with caution though, as computationally expensive loops could slow down your blockchain, or even freeze it if the loop is infinite. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - `BeginBlock`/`EndBlock`: These messages are executed at the beginning and the end of each block, whether the block contains transaction or not. It is useful to trigger automatic execution of logic. Proceed with caution though, as computationally expensive loops could slow down your blockchain, or even freeze it if the loop is infinite. 
```
